Sunset Prometheus tutorial (#386)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: tutorials/tutorial-setup-timescale-prometheus.md

# Sunset Notice

> This page contain a tutorial for an deprecated method of storing Prometheus data in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains a tutorial for a deprecated method of storing Prometheus data in
```
